Notice - Finally decided to start a changelog. This will play a role similar to traditional changelogs, but also serve as a form of active journal of problems I'm encountering and what I am learning. As pushes as not just when I fix things since I also push when I make progress and want to swap computers, I will use this to better document the problems I am having at pushes. Obviously I acknowledge pushes should be when things are fixed or working features are added, but that isn't the full purpose of this project. My push focus will adjust more appropriately once I have the core program fully functioning to where there is a benefit of having two branches (working and journaling). But for now, this is what it is!

V 0.0.25 - Worked on the report feature a bit. I added a return instruction to a function of the budget class in budget_processing to expose the relevant data. However, it is having an issue where it needs a "self" variable, and I need to look into why that is and it isn't just reading the data relavant. Probably something obvious and I'm just brain farting.

V 0.0.26 - Gave in and consulted to GPT gods about the error. Seems I am just an idiot as once it explained the why it wasn't working, everything suddenly made sense and I was able to fix the issue of getting things to process. With that, I have made updates to test.py to send variables appropriately and report.py to just recieve rather than call from other modules. Now that I have a better understanding of how information is moving, I should be able to properly implement more functions to give this thing some actual initial practicality.

V 0.0.27 - created a module for the financial database called "quartermaster.py". Its objective is to create and modify persistant data information for financial periods as defined by the user. Next I created a tax module called "tax.py". Its purpose is to apply relevant tax deductions to values sent to it. I am considering making a user defined database for tax variables, but I will determined that after I finish the quartermaster database. Finally I added initial funtion placeholders for key features to show actual bank balance, total savings, average savings, and projected savings. This will be essential for big picture overviews and projection estimates. It will also play into future saving goals features.